["# \n<PIC>  \n# English   6  \n# Introduction  Congratulations on your new toothbrush! Superior plaque removal,  whiter teeth, and healthier gums are at your  fingertips. Using combination  of gentle sonic technology and clinically  developed and proven features, you can be  confident that you’re getting the very best  clean, every time.  # IMPORTANT SAFEGUARDS  #  READ ALL INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USE  Read this user manual carefully before you use the appliance  and save it for future reference.  Brushing instructionsWhen using electrical products, especially when children are  present, basic safety precautions should always be followed,  including the following:  # DANGERS  To reduce the risk of electrocution:  - Keep the USB wall adapter and chargers away from water.  \n- Do not place or store product where it can fall or be pulled  into a tub or sink. - Do not place in or drop into water or other liquid. - Do not immerse the charger in water or any other liquid. - Do not reach for a product that has fallen into water.   Unplug immediately. - Do not use while bathing. - After cleaning, make sure the USB wall adapter is completely  dry before you connect it to a power outlet.  # WARNINGS  To reduce the risk of burns, electrocution, fire or physical injury: - Never use the USB wall adapter if it is damaged. - If the appliance is damaged in any way (brush head,  toothbrush handle, USB wall adapter, charging travel case  and/or charger), stop using it.  - This appliance contains no user serviceable parts. If the  appliance is damaged, contact the Consumer Care Center in  your country (see 'Warranty and support'). - The charging base's cord cannot be replaced. If the charging  base cord is damaged, discard the charging base. - Always have the USB wall adapters and chargers replaced  with one of the original type in order to avoid a hazard. - Keep cord away from heated surfaces. - Do not use the charger outdoors. - Do not use the charger if dropped into water. - This product is designed to clean your teeth, gums and  tongue only. Use this product only for its intended use as  described in this booklet. Discontinue use of this product  and contact a physician/dentist if discomfort or pain is  experienced.  \n- This appliance may be used by children aged from 8 years  and above and persons with reduced physical, sensory or  mental capabilities, or lack of experience and knowledge,   if they have been given supervision or instruction concerning  the safe use of the appliance and understand the hazards  involved. Cleaning and user maintenance shall not be  performed by children without supervision.  - Children shall not play with the appliance.  - Do not use attachments.  - To avoid damage to the product, do not place the brush  head, handle, charger or charger covers in the dishwasher   for cleaning.  # MEDICAL WARNINGS  - Consult your dental professional before you use this product  if you have had oral or gum surgery in the previous 2 months. - Contact your dental professional if excessive bleeding occurs  after using this product or bleeding continues to occur after  1 week of use.  - If you have a pacemaker or other implanted device contact  your physician or the device manufacturer prior to use. - this toothbrush has been tested and is compliant with safety  standards for electromagnetic devices.  - Consult your physician prior to using the toothbrush if you have  medical concerns.  # Battery safety instructions  - Only use this product for its intended purpose and follow the  general and battery safety instructions as described in this  user manual. Any misuse can cause electric shock, burns,   fire and other hazards or injuries.  \n- To charge the battery, only use the USB wall adapter,  charging base and charging travel case. - Charge, use and store the product at a temperature between   $\\mathsf{O}\\,^{\\circ}\\mathsf{C}$   and  $40~^{\\circ}\\mathrm{C}$  . - Do not burn products and their batteries and do not expose  them to direct sunlight or to high temperatures (e.g. in hot  cars or near hot stoves). Batteries may explode if overheated. - If the product becomes abnormally hot, gives off an  abnormal smell, changes color or if charging takes much  longer than usual, stop using and charging the product and  contact service center. - Do not place products and their batteries in microwave  ovens or on induction cookers. - This product contains a rechargeable battery that is nonreplaceable. Do not open the product to replace the  rechargeable battery during the usable life of your device. - When you handle batteries, make sure that your hands, the  product and the batteries are dry. - To prevent batteries from heating up or releasing toxic or  hazardous substances, do not modify, pierce or damage  products and batteries and do not disassemble, short-circuit,  overcharge or reverse charge batteries during the usable life  of your device. - To avoid accidental short-circuiting of batteries after removal,  do not let battery terminals come into contact with metal  objects (e.g. coins, hairpins, rings). Do not wrap batteries in  aluminum foil. Tape battery terminals or put batteries in a  plastic bag before you discard them.  \n- If batteries are damaged or leaking, avoid contact with the  skin or eyes. If this occurs, immediately rinse well with water  and seek medical care.  # SAVE THESE  INSTRUCTIONS  # Electromagnetic fields (EMF)  This appliance complies with all  applicable standards and regulations  regarding exposure to electromagnetic fields.  # FCC & ISED Compliance  - Radio Equipment in this product operates  at 13.56 MHz - Maximum RF power transmitted by the  Radio Equipment is 30.16dBm - The Bluetooth radio frequency interface  in this product operates at 2.4 GHz. The  maximum output power by the Bluetooth  appliance is 3 dBm  Changes or modifications not expressly  approved by Philips could void the user's FCC  authorization to operate the toothbrush.    This device complies with Rules. Operation is subject to the following  two conditions: (1) this device may not cause  harmful interference, and (2) this device must  accept any interference received, including  interference that may cause undesired  operation.  \nThis equipment has been tested and found  to comply with the limits for a Class B digital  device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC  Rules. These limits are designed to provide  reasonable protection against harmful  interference in a residential installation.  This equipment generates, uses and can  radiate radio frequency energy and, if not  installed and used in accordance with the  instructions, may cause harmful interference  to radio communications. However, there is  no guarantee that interference will not occur  in a particular installation. If this equipment  does cause harmful interference to radio or  television reception, which can be determined  by turning the equipment (handle) off and on,  the user is encouraged to try to correct the  interference by one or more of the following  measures:  - Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna  (of the radio or television).  - Increase the separation between the  equipment (handle) and receiver.  - Connect the equipment (charger) into an  outlet on a circuit different from that to  which the receiver is connected.  - Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/ TV technician for help.  This device contains license-exempt  transmitter(s)/receiver(s) that comply  with Innovation, Science and Economic  Development . Operation is subject to the following  two conditions: 1.This device may not cause  interference. 2. This device must accept any  interference, including interference that may  cause undesired operation of the device.  # Intended use  toothbrushes are  intended to remove adherent plaque and  food debris from the teeth to reduce tooth  decay and improve and maintain oral health.  Prestige power toothbrushes are intended for  consumer home use. Use by children should  be supervised by an adult.  1 Hygienic travel cap 2 Premium All-in-One brush head (A3) 3 BrushSync symbol 4 Handle 5 Power on/off button 6 Intensity indicator and hidden button 7 SenseIQ indicator 8 Brush head replacement reminder indicator 9 Battery indicator 10 Brushing feedback light 11 Charging base 12 Charging stand 13 USB-A wall adapter  \n14 USB-C cord 15 Charging travel case 16 USB-C socket  Note: The content of the box may vary based  on the your purchase..  The following symbols may appear on the  product: Read Operator’s Manual.  <PIC>  # App - Getting Started  The app pairs with your toothbrush  to provide you a connected experience. By  connecting your toothbrush to your app account, you will be able to:  - Customize your toothbrush  settings according to your preferred modes,  intensity and toothbrush feedback. - Track your brushing progress. - Receive personalized tips and actionable  recommendations to improve your oral  health.  \n- Access the full range of benefits and  receive ongoing upgrades to your Prestige  experience. The app is compatible with a wide range smartphones.To start using the  app:  1 Download the app to your phone. 2  Ensure your phone's Bluetooth is turned on. 3  Pick up your toothbrush to ensure it is  active (lights on).  4  Open the app and follow guided steps.  5  Pair your toothbrush with the app.  6  Create your account via the app. Complete  firmware update, if prompted, to access the  latest improvements and features. 7  Brush regularly. You are ready to start your  connected experience. When you regularly  sync the toothbrush with the app, you can  receive updates to help improve your oral  healthcare. 8  Sync regularly. - To sync manually:  Pair/connect your  toothbrush with the app every couple of  weeks to benefit from the app features/ capabilities.  \n- To sync automatically:  Allow location  permission while setting up the app.   By allowing location permissions, your  phone knows when it is in the connection  range of your toothbrush and can refresh  your brushing data to the app to provide  the latest insights and recommendations  Note: Make sure your phone's Bluetooth  is turned on when using the app so that  your toothbrush can transfer and update  your brushing data to the app. If you have  questions about why your brushing data is  collected, be sure to review the Privacy Statement, available throughout the  app setup process.  # App - Features  The App provides customizable  settings for your toothbrush according to your  preference, including:  - Intensity Settings - Mode Controls - Enable and disable Adaptive Intensity - Enable and disable Scrubbing feedback  # Brush Head  Your toothbrush  comes with the new \"brush head\" . This brush head is  specifically designed to provide exceptional  plaque removal, whitening (stain removal),   and gum health benefits.  \n# 16   Premium All-in-One brush heads come with  BrushSync Technology (see description below)  as indicated by the   symbol at the bottom of  the brush head.  <PIC>  # Using your toothbrush  Brushing instructions  1 Push the brush head firmly onto the handle. <PIC>  Note: It is normal to see a slight gap  between the brush head and the handle.  This allows the brush head to vibrate  properly.  <PIC>  2  Wet the bristles and apply a small amount  of toothpaste.  <PIC>  3  Place the toothbrush bristles against the  teeth at a slight angle (45 degrees). Apply  light pressure to make the bristles reach the  gumline or slightly beneath the gumline. Note: Keep the center of the brush head in  contact with the teeth at all times.  <PIC>  4  Press the power on/off button to turn on  the Philips Sonicare.  <PIC>5  Apply light pressure to maximize Philips  Sonicare’s effectiveness and let the Philips  Sonicare toothbrush do the brushing for  you.  <PIC>Note: The bristles should slightly flare.   Do not scrub. A change in vibration from  the handle and the brushing feedback light  flashes purple to alert you when you apply  too much pressure.  Gently move the brush head slowly across  the teeth in a small back and forth motion  so the longer bristles reach between your  teeth. Continue this motion throughout the  brushing cycle.  <PIC># 18 English  6  To clean the inside surfaces of the front  teeth, tilt the brush handle semi-upright  and make several vertical overlapping  brushing strokes on each tooth.  <PIC>7  The BrushPacer divides the brushing time  into six equal segments and indicates  when you should move to the next area.  Segments are indicated with a brief pause  in vibration. The toothbrush automatically  stops at the end of the brushing session.  <PIC>Note: Your toothbrush is safe  to use on braces, dental modifications and  dental restorations (fillings, crowns, veneers)  # Brushing modes  Your power toothbrush comes pre-set to  the all-in-one clean mode that provides the  dentist recommended 2 minute brushing  routine, with a six segment brush pacer. To personalize your brushing mode you can  customize your power toothbrush settings  from the app (see  App -  Getting Started').  Note: Although a mode is not displayed on the  toothbrush handle, you can update the mode  any time from the App and your  selection will be stored.  \n# Intensity settings  Your power toothbrush comes with 3 different  intensity settings: - High intensity (three lights) - Medium intensity (two lights) - Low intensity (one light)   <PIC>To manually select your desired intensity,  press the intensity indicator lights on the  handle, to cycle through the options. The  intensity setting can be changed before,  during, or after brushing.  <PIC>Note: The intensity setting can also be  customized from the app.  # BrushSync technology  BrushSync technology enables your brush  head to communicate with your handle using  a microchip. The   symbol at the bottom of  the brush head indicates that the brush head  is equipped with this technology.  BrushSync technology enables: - Brush head replacement reminder - BrushSync mode paring (for Tongue Care  brush heads)  <PIC>   # Features  - SenseIQ - Pressure Sensor Feedback - Adaptive Intensity - Scrubbing Feedback - BrushPacer - Brush head replacement reminder  \n# SenseIQ  Your toothbrush is equipped with SenseIQ  technology that is a combination of smart  features that observe your brushing behaviors  (e.g. motions, habits, brush head choice)  and provide personalized feedback and  recommendations.  The SenseIQ features include: - Adaptive Intensity  - Real time feedback:  - Scrubbing Feedback - Pressure Sensor Feedback - Personalized recommendations in the app  - Brushing behavior feedback in the app The SenseIQ icon on the handle will illuminate  when the smart features are active:  - while brushing  - to confirm enabling and disabling of  settings   <PIC>  # Pressure Sensor Feedback  Your toothbrush measures the  pressure you apply while brushing to protect  your gums and teeth from damage.  If you apply excess pressure, the handle will  change its vibration and the brushing feedback  light will flash (purple) at the bottom of the  handle until you reduce the pressure.  <PIC>  Note: The Pressure Sensor comes activated  with your product. To deactivate this feature,  see 'Activating or deactivating features'.  \n# Adaptive intensity  Your toothbrush is designed with  Adaptive Intensity to protect your gums. If you  apply excess pressure for an extended period  of time, your toothbrush will automatically  lower the intensity setting 1 level. You will  experience a brief pause in the pressure  feedback and feel the intensity adjust to the  next lower level.  Note: Adaptive Intensity comes activated with  your product. To deactivate this feature, see  'Activating or deactivating features'.  Note: Every new brushing cycle the intensity  will go back to your pre-selected setting.  # Scrubbing Feedback  Your toothbrush measures the  motions while brushing to detect scrubbing  behavior (see brushing instructions for optimal  technique). If you regularly scrub while  brushing, the app will recommend that you  enable Scrubbing Feedback.  When Scrubbing Feedback is activated the  brushing feedback light at the bottom of the  handle will illuminate amber and the handle  will change its vibration as a reminder to stop  scrubbing. The brushing feedback light will  turn off when you stop scrubbing.  Note: Scrubbing Feedback comes deactivated.  To activate this feature, see 'Activating or  deactivating features'.  <PIC>  # BrushPacer  The BrushPacer divides the brushing time into  six equal segments and indicates when you  should move to the next area. Segments are  indicated with a brief pause in vibration. The  toothbrush automatically stops at the end of  the brushing session.  <PIC>  Note: Additional segments may be added  when you use White or Gum Health Modes.  See app for mode descriptions.  # Brush head replacement reminder  Your toothbrush will track the wear  of your smart brush head, using the technology to measure:  - The overall pressure you apply while  brushing - The total time you have brushed with your  brush head  Once your brush head is no longer effective,  the brush head replacement reminder  indicator light will blink amber and the handle  will make a series of beeps and tones to  indicate it is time to replace your brush head.  <PIC>  Note: The brush head replacement reminder  comes activated with your product. To  deactivate this feature, see 'Activating or  deactivating features'.  \nEnglish 23  # Activating or deactivating features  You can activate or deactivate the following  features of your toothbrush:  - Adaptive Intensity - Pressure Sensor Feedback - Scrubbing Feedback - Brush head replacement reminder  Note: Adaptive Intensity will be deactivated  when pressure sensor is deactivated.  # From app  The following features can be activated or  deactivated from the app.  - Adaptive Intensity - Scrubbing Feedback For instruction for how to connect to the app  (see 'App - Getting Started').  # From handle  Step 1: Place the handle on the charging stand.  Step 2: Press and hold power button for:  <PIC>  \n# 24 English  Adaptive  Brush head  Pressure Sensor  intensity replacement  Feedback reminder  up to  Up to  Up to 7 seconds 3 seconds 5 seconds  1 beep 1 beep and  1 beep, 2 beeps and  then 2 beeps then 3 beeps  ↓ ↓ ↓ SenseIQ  Brush head  SenseIQ indicator  indicator  replacement  and light ring  lights up for  reminder  lights up purple for  3 seconds indicator  3 seconds lights up for  3 seconds  <PIC>Together with:  If you see the battery indication blink white 3 times  and hear 3 tones from low to high, then the feature  has been activated.  # OR  If you see battery indication blink amber 3 times  and hear 3 tones high to low, then the feature has  been deactivated.  \n# Charging and battery status  # Charging on charger base  1 Plug the USB cord of the charging base   into the USB wall adapter and plug the   wall adapter into an electrical outlet.  <PIC>  2  Place the charging stand (clear cover) on  the charging base.  <PIC>  3  Place the toothbrush handle on the charger.  <PIC>  a To indicate charging has started  successfully, the toothbrush will beep  twice and the lights will illuminate in an  upward motion. b While charging the battery indicator  blinks in white.  4  Leave the toothbrush on the charger until it  is fully charged. The battery light will turn off  (stop blinking) when the handle has finished  charging.  <PIC>  Note: It may take up to 16 hours to fully charge  your toothbrush.  \n# Charging with the travel case  1 Plug the USB cord into the travel case and  into the USB wall adapter.  <PIC>  2  Plug the wall adapter into an electrical  outlet.  3  Place toothbrush into travel case. <PIC>  a To indicate charging has started  successfully, the toothbrush will beep  twice and the lights will illuminate in an  upward motion. b While charging the battery indicator  blinks in white.  <PIC>  4  Leave travel case plugged in until  toothbrush is fully charged. The battery light  will turn off (stop blinking) when the handle  has finished charging.  <PIC>  Note: Make sure the travel case is placed on its  side for better stability.  \n# Battery Status (when handle is on a working charger or  travel case)  When the handle is placed on the charger or  in the travel case, the battery indication will  communicate the battery level.  <PIC>  # Battery Status (when handle is not placed on Charger)  When the toothbrush is awake, the battery  light at the bottom of the handle will indicate  the status of the battery.  <PIC>  \n# Cleaning  # Brush head and handle  The brush heads and handle can be cleaned  by rinsing it with warm water.  1 Remove the brush head from the handle  and rinse it thoroughly.  <PIC>2  Rinse the entire handle, especially the brush  head connection. Gently clean around the  rubber seal. At least once a week.  <PIC>Note: Do not push on the rubber seal at the  top of the handle.  <PIC># Travel case and charger  1 Unplug the charger and travel case before  you clean them.  2  Use damp cloth to wipe the surface of the  charger and travel case.  Danger: Unplug the USB wall adapter   and chargers before cleaning them.  # Cautions:  - Do not clean the product or accessories in  the dishwasher. - Do not use isopropyl alcohol, vinegar,  bleach, or any other house hold cleaning  products, to clean the product or  accessories as this may cause discoloration.  \n- Make sure brush head and toothbrush are  dry before storing in travel case. - Do not use essential oils to clean the brush  head, the product or accessories as this can  cause damage  # Storage  If you are not going to use the product for an  extended period of time, unplug it from the  electrical outlet, clean it and store it in a cool  and dry place away from direct sunlight.  # Disposal  - This product contains a rechargeable  lithium-ion battery which must be disposed  of properly.  - Contact your local town or city officials  for battery disposal information. - Your product is designed and manufactured  with high quality materials and components,  which can be recycled and reused.\n- This symbol means that electrical products  and batteries shall not be disposed of with  normal household waste.  The built-in rechargeable battery must be  removed by a qualified professional when the  product is discarded.  ", ["Manual37_0", "Manual37_1", "Manual37_2", "Manual37_3", "Manual37_4", "Manual37_5", "Manual37_6", "toothbrush0_01", "toothbrush0_02", "toothbrush0_03", "toothbrush0_04", "toothbrush0_05", "toothbrush0_06", "toothbrush0_07", "Manual37_7", "Manual37_8", "Manual37_9", "Manual37_10", "Manual37_11", "Manual37_12", "Manual37_13", "toothbrush0_11", "Manual37_14", "Manual37_15", "Manual37_16", "Manual37_17", "Manual37_18", "Manual37_19", "Manual37_20", "Manual37_21", "Manual37_22", "Manual37_23", "toothbrush0_08", "toothbrush0_09", "toothbrush0_10"]]