["<PIC>  # Over-the-Range Microwave  Use and Care Manual  ForModels:HMV9302,HMV9305,HMV9306,HMV9307  PLEASE READ ENTIRE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE PROCEEDING IMPORTANT: Save these instructions for the local electrical inspector's use. INSTALLER:Please leave these Installation Instructions with this unit for the owner. OWNER:Please retain these instructions for future reference.  \nSAFETY 3-5 Precautions To Avoid Possible Exposure To Excessive Microwave Energy .. 3 Important Safety Instructions 4-5 Grounding Instructions . 5 UNDERSTANDING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN 6-9 Cook ware Guide 6 Tips For Microwave Cooking.. Parts And Accessories 8 Control Panel. . 8-9 USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN 10-29 Learn About Your Microwave Oven 10 Help ... ...10 Clock .10 Kitchen Timer .. .10 Control Set-Up 10 Vent HI/LO/Off 11 T/Table On/Off 11 Child Lock. 11 Light HI/LO/Off 11 Light Timer... 11 Easy Cook .... 12 Hold Warm.. 12 Favorite Recipe .... 12  $+/-$  (More/Less) 12 Cooking At High Power Level 13 Cooking At Lower Power Level. 13 Cooking With More Than One Cook Cycle..13Cooking Guide For Lower Power Level ... .14 Sensor Operating Instructions.. 15 Sensor Cooking Guide..... 15 Adding Or Subtracting Cook Time.... ...15 Popcorn.. .15 Pizza 16 Potato . 16 Vegetable ..... ...16 Cook. 17 Reheat....17Auto Defrost. 18 Weight Conversion Chart 18 Defrosting Tips.. 18 Auto Defrost Chart. 19-20 Time Defrost 21 Quick Defrost. 21 Use Of The Two Position Metal Rack 21 Getting The Best Cooking Results 22 Fish And Shellfish .23 Fish And Shellfish Cooking Table 23 Appetizers/Sauces/Soups... 24 Meat...24Meat Cooking Table 25 Poultry.... 26 Poultry Cooking Table 26 Pasta And Rice 27 Pasta Cooking Table 27 Rice Cooking Table 27 Care And Cleaning.. ..28 Metal Rack... ..28 Cleaning The Grease Filter.... .28 Charcoal Filter Replacement ..28 Cooktop/Night Light replacement .29 Oven Light replacement .29 TROUBLESHOOTING 30-31 Before Calling For Service 30 Questions And Answers. 31  \n# PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESS VE MICROWAVE ENERGY  (a)Do not attempt to operate this oven with the door opensince open-door operation can result in harmful exposure to microwave energy. It is important not to defeat or tamper with the safety interlocks.  (b)Do not place any object between the oven front face and the door or allows oil or cleaner residue to accumulate on sealing surfaces.  (c)Do not operate theoven if it isdamaged.It is particularly important that the oven door closes properly and that there is no damage to the: (1)Door(bent), (2) Hinges and latches (broken or loosened), (3) Door seals and sealing surfaces.  (d) The oven should not be adjusted or repaired by anyone except properly qualified service person nel.  # FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION RADIO FREQUENCY INTER FER EN CE STATEMENT(U.S.A.ONLY)  # !WARNING:  This equipment generates and uses ISM frequency energy and if not installed and used properly, that is in strict accordance with the manufacturer's instructions. may cause interference to radio and television reception. It has been type tested and found to comply with limits for IS M Equipment pursuant to part 18 of FCC Rules,which are designed to provide reasonable pro tection against such interference in a residential installation.  However,there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.If this equipment does cause interference to radio or television reception,which can be determined by turning the equip ment off and on,the user is encouraged to try to cor rect the interference by one or more of the following ·Clean door and sealing surface of the oven. ·Reorient the receiving antenna of the radio or television. ·Relocate the Microwave Oven with respect to the receiver. ·Move the microwave oven away from the receiver. ·Plug the microwave oven into a different outlet so that the microwave oven and the receiver are on d if fe rent branch circuits.  The manufacturer is not responsible for any radio or TV interference caused by unauthorized modification to this microwave oven.It is the responsibility of the user to correct such interference.  \n# IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS  The safety instructions below will tell you how to use your oven and avoid harm to yourself or damage to your oven.  WARNING - To reduce the risk of burns, electric shock, fire, injury to persons, or exposure to excessive microwave energy: · Read all the instructions before using your oven. · Do not allow children to use this oven without close supervision. ·Read and follow the specific PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EX CESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY found on page 3. · Do not use corrosive chemicals or vapors, such as sulfide and chloride, in this appliance. This type of oven is specifically designed to heat, cook, or dry food. It is not designed for industrial or laboratory use. · Do not use or store this appliance outdoors. Do not use this product near water (for example, near a kitchen sink, in a wet basement near a swimming pool, or similar location.) · Do not use the cavity for storage purposes. Do not leave paper products, cooking utensils or food in the cavity when not in use. · Clean the ventilating hood frequently. Do not allow grease to accumulate on the hood or the filters. · Use care when cleaning the vent hood filters. Corrosive cleaning agents such as lye-based oven cleaners may damage the filters. · Do not tamper with the built-in safety switches on the oven door. The oven has several built-in safety switches to make sure the power is off when the door is open. · Always turn fan on HlGH when cooking foods that might flame up, or any time flames occur on the cooktop · Suitable for use above both gas and electric cooking equipment 36 inches wide or less. · Do not use this oven for commercial purposes. It is made for household use only. · When cleaning the door and the surfaces that touch the door, use only mild, non-abrasive soaps or detergents and a sponge or soft cloth. · If your oven is dropped or damaged, have it thoroughly checked by a qualified service technician before using it again. · To avoid a fire hazard: - Do not severely overcook food. Severely overcooked foods can start a fire in the oven.Watch the oven carefully, especially when you have paper, plastic, or other combustibles in the oven.  - Do not store combustible items (bread, cookies etc.) in the oven, because if lightning strikes the power lines it may cause the oven to turn on. - Do not use wire twist-ties in the oven. Be sure to inspect purchased items for wire twist-ties and remove them before placing the item in the oven. · If a fire should start inside the oven: - Keep the oven door closed. - Turn the oven off. - Disconnect the power cord or shut off the power at the fuse or circuit breaker panel. · To avoid electric shock: - This appliance must be grounded. Connect the ovenonly to a properly grounded outlet.Seethe electrical GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS on page 5. - Do not operate this appliance if it has a damaged cord or plug, if it is not working properly, or if it has been damaged or dropped. - Do not immerse the electrical cord or plug in water. - Keep the cord away from heated surfaces. · To avoid improperly cooking some foods: - Do not heat any types of baby bottles or baby food. Uneven heating may occur and possibly cause personal injury. - Do not heat small-necked containers, such as syrup bottles. - Do not deep-fat fry in your microwave oven. - Do not attempt home canning in your microwave oven. - Do not heat the following items in the microwave oven: whole eggs in the shell, water with oil or fat, sealed containers,or closed glass jars.Theseitems may explode. · Do not cover or block any openings in the oven. · Use your oven only for the operations described in this manual. · Do not run the oven empty, without food in it. · Do not let cord hang over edge of table or counter. · Preserve the oven floor: - Do not heat the oven floor excessively. - Do not allow the gray film on special microwave-cooking packages to touch the oven floor. Put the package on a micro wav able dish.  \n-Donotcook anything directly on the oven floor or turntable.Use a micro wav able dish. -Keep a browning dish at least 3/16 inch above floor. Carefully read and follow the instructions for the browning dish. If you use a browning dish incorrectly, you could damage the oven floor. ·Installor locate this appliance only in accordance with the provided installation instructions. ·This appliance should be serviced only by qualified service personnel.Contact the nearest authorized service facility for examination,repair or adjustment. Liquids such as water, coffee,or tea are able tobe overheated beyond theboiling point without appearing tobe boiling.Visible bubbling or boiling when the container is removed from the microwave oven is not  always present.THIS COULD RESULT IN VERY HOT LIQUIDS SUDDENLY BOILING OVER WHEN THE CONTAINER IS DISTURBED OR A SPOON OR OTHER UTENSIL IS INSERTED INTO THE LIQUID  To reduce the risk of injury to persons:  - Do not overheat the liquid. - Stir the liquid both before and halfway through heatingit. - Use extreme care when inserting a spoon or other utensil into the container once heating has begun. - Do not use straight-sided containers with narrow necks. - After heating, allow the container to stand in the microwave oven for a short time before removing the container.  # SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS  # Electrical requirements  AWARNING  Observe all governing codes and ordinances.A120Volt,  $\\up60\\;{\\mathsf{H z}}$  AConly 15 or 20 ampfused electrical supply is required.(Atime-delay fuse is recommended.) It is recommended that a separate circuit serving only this appliance be provided.  ELECTRICAL SHOCK HAZARD Plugin to a grounded 3 prong outlet.Do not remove ground prong.Do not use an adapter Do not use an extension cord. Failure to follow these instructions can result in death, fire,or electrical shock.  <PIC>  # GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS  · For all cord connected appliances:  The microwave oven must be grounded. In the event of an electrical short circuit,grounding reduces the risk of ele ct ric shock by providing an escape wire for the electric current.The microwave oven is equipped with a cord having a grounding wire with a grounding plug.The plug must be plugged into an outlet that is properly installed and grounded.  <PIC>  \nEnsure proper ground exists before use  WARNING: Improper use of the grounding can result in a risk of electric shock.  Consult a qualified electrician or serviceman if the grounding instructions are not completely understood,orifdoubt exists as to whether the microwave oven is properly grounded.Do not use an extension cord.Ifthe power supply cord is too short,have a qualified electrician or serviceman install an outlet near the microwave oven.  · For a permanently connected appliance: The microwave oven must be connected to a grounded metallic,permanent wiring system,or an equipment grounding conductor should be run with the circuit conductors and connected to the equipment grounding termin alor lead on the microwave oven.  # SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS  \nCOOK WARE GUIDE  Most heat-resistant, non-metallic cookware is safe for use in your microwave oven. However, to test cookware before using,follow these steps:  1. Place the empty cookware in the microwave oven. 2. Measure 1 cup of water in a glass measuring cup and place it in the oven beside the cookware. 3.Microwave on  $100\\%$  powerfor 1 minute.If the dish is warm,it should not be used for microwave cooking.  # USE  # Ovenproof Glass  ·Glass treated for use in high-intensity heat includes util itydishes,bread dishes,pieplates,cakeplates,liquid measuring cups,casseroles,and bowls without metallic trim.  China · Bowls, cups, serving plates, and platters without metal li c trim can be used inyouroven.  # Plastic  · When using plastic wrap as a cover, make sure that the dish is deep enough so the plastic wrap does not touch the food.As the food heats,it may melt the plas tic wrap wherever the wrap touches the food. ·Place plastic wrap loosely over the top of the dish and secure it by pressing the wrap to the sides of the dish. ·Vent by turning back one corner of the plastic wrap.This will allow excess steam to escape.  ·Use plastic dishes,cups,semi-rigid freezer containers,and plastic bags only for short time cooking.Use these with care because the pl astic may s often from the heat of the food.  # Paper  ·Microwave-safepaper towels,waxed paper,paper napkins,and paper plates with no metallic trim or design can be used in your oven. ·Refer to the manufacturer's label for use of any paper product in the microwave oven.  # DO NOT USE  # Metal Utensils  ·Metal shields food from microwave energy and produces uneven cooking.Avoid metal skewers,thermometers,orfoil trays. ·Metal utensils can cause arcing, which is a discharge of electric current.Arcing can damage your microwave oven.  Metal Decoration · Do not use metal-trimmed or metal-banded dinnerware,casserole dishes,etc.  Cent u raTM Tableware ·The Corning Company recommends that you do not use Centura tableware and some Corel leT M closedhandle cups for microwave cooking.  # Aluminum Foil  ·Avoid large sheets of aluminum foil because they hin dercooking and may cause arcing. · Use small pieces of foil to shield poultry legs and wings. ·Keep all aluminum foil at least 1 inchfrom thewalls and door of the oven.  # Wood  ·Wooden bowls, boards, and baskets will dry out and may split or crack when you use them in the microwave oven.  # Tightly Closed Containers  Tightly closed cookware can explode.Be sure to leave an opening for steam to escape from covered cookware.  BrownPaper · Avoid using brown paper bags. They absorb heat and could burn.  \nTIPS FOR MICROWAVE COOKING  # BROWNING  Meat and poultry with high fat content will brown lightly when cooked for 10 or 15 minutes or longer.Foods cooked a shorter time can be brushed with a browning agent, such as Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce,or barbecue sauce.  # COVERING  A cover traps heat and steam and causes the food to cook more quickly.Use a lid or microwave-safe plastic wrap with one corner folded back to vent the excess steam. Lids on glass casseroles can become hot during cooking.Handle carefully.Waxed paper wil prevent the food from splattering in the oven and help retain heat. When warming bread items, use waxed paper,napkins,or paper towels.To absorb extra moisture, wrap sandwiches and fatty foods in paper towels.  # SPACING  Arrange individual foods,such as baked potatoes, cupcakes,andhorsd'oe uvres in a circle and atleast 1 inch apart. This will help the food cook more evenly  # STIRRING  Stirring blends flavors and redistributes the heat in foods.Always stir from the outside toward the center ofthedish.Food at the outside of the dish heats first  # TURNING  Largefoods,such as roasts and whole poultry,should be turned during cooking so that the top and bottom cook evenly.Also turnover chicken pieces and chops  # CLEANING  Wipe the oven inside and outside with a soft cloth and a mild detergent solution.Thenrinse andwipe dry. This should be done weekly or more often, if needed. Never use cleaning powders or roughpads.Excessive oil splatters on the inside top will be difficult to remove if left for many days. Wipe splatters with a wet paper towel, especially after cooking chicken or bacon.  # REMOVABLE PARTS  The turntable and turntable roller rest are removable. They should be hand-washed in warm(nothot)water with a mild detergent and asoftcloth.Once they are clean, rinse well and dry with a soft cloth. Never use cleaning powders,steelwool,or rough pads  ARRANGEMENT  Donot stack food.Arrange in a single layer in the dish for more even cooking.Because dense foods cook moreslowly,place thicker portions of meat,poultry,fish and vegetables toward the outside of the dish.  # TESTING FORD ONENESS  Because foods cook quickly in a microwave oven, you need to test frequently for doneness.  # STANDING TIME  Food often needs to stand from 2 to 15 minutes after cooking inside as well as outside the oven. Usually, you need to cover food during standing time to retain heat. Stop the cooking when they are slightly undercooked and they will finish cooking during standing time.The internal temperature of food will rise about  $10~^{\\circ}\\mathsf{F}$  during standing time.  # SHIELDING  To prevent some portions of food in rectangular or square dishes from overcooking, you may need to cover the dish with small strips of aluminum foil to block the microwaves.You can also cover poultry legs and wingtips with foil to keep them from overcooking. Always keep foil atleast 1 inch from oven walls to prevent arcing.  # PIERCING  Pierce the shell,skin,or membrane of foods before cooking to prevent them from bursting. Foods that require piercing include yolks and whites of eggs,hot dogs,clams,oysters,and whole vegetables such as potatoes and squash.  · The turntable may be cleaned in the sink. Be careful not to chip or scratch theedgesas this may cause the turntable to break during use. ·The turntable roller rest should be cleaned regularly  # SPECIAL CARE  For best performance and safety,the inner door panel and the oven front frame should be free of food or grease buildup.Wipe often with a mild detergent;then rinse and wipe dry. Never use cleaning powders or roughpads  After cleaning the control panel, touch STOP/CLEAR to clear any entries that might have been entered accidentally while cleaning the panel l  \nPARTS AND ACCESSORIES  <PIC>  OVEN SPECIFICATIONS \n<PIC>  # CONTROL PANEL  <PIC>  \n· See page 9 for control panel features.  \n# UNDERSTANDING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN  CONTROL PANEL FEATURES NOTE:Styling and features vary by model  1. Display: The Display includes a clock and indicators to tell you time of day, cooking time settings and cooking functions selected. 2. Popcorn: Touch this pad when popping popcorn in your microwave oven.Theoven's sensor will tell the oven how long to cook depending on the amount of humidity it detects from the popcorn. See page 15 for more information. 3. Potato: Touch this pad to cook potatoes. The oven's sensor will tell the oven how long to cook depending on the amount of humidity it detects from the potato. See page 16 for more information. 4. Pizza: Touch this pad to reheat pizza. The oven's sensor will tell the oven how long to cook depending on the amount of humidity it detects from the pizza. See page 16 for more information 5. Cook: Touch this pad to cook frozen entrees, casserole and rice.Theoven'ssensor will tellthe oven how long to cook depending on theamount of humidity coming from the food. See page 17 for more information. 6. Reheat: Touch this pad to reheat casseroles, dinner plates and soup or sauce. The oven's sensor will tell the oven how long to cook depending on the amount of humidity coming from the food. See page 17 for more information. 7. Vegetable: Touch this pad to cook vegetables. The oven's sensor will tell the oven how long to cook depending on the amount of humidity it detects from the vegetables. See page 16 for more information. 8. Favorite Recipe: Touch this pad to recall one cooking instruction previously programmed into memory. See page 12 for information. 9.EasyCook:Touch this pad to set and start quickly at  $100\\%$  power level.See page 12 for more information. 10. Auto Defrost: Meat, poultry, fish. Touch this pad to select food type and defrost food by weight. See page 18 for more information. 11. Time Defrost: Touch this pad to defrost most other frozen foods. Seepage 21for more information.  12. Quick Defrost: This pad provides Quick defrosting for 1.0 pound of frozen foods. See page 21 for more information. 13. Numbers: Touch number pads to enter cooking time, power level, quantities, or weights. 14.Kitchen Timer:Touch this pad to set the kit cher timer.Seepage 10 for more information 15. Clock: Touch this pad to enter the time of day. See page 10 for more information. 16. Light Timer: Touch this pad to set the light timer. See page 11 for more information. 17. - (Less): Touch this pad to subtract ten seconds of cooking time each time you press it. See page 12 for more information. 18.  $^+$  (More): Touch this pad to add ten seconds of cooking time each time you press it. See page 12 for more information. 19. Help: Touch this pad to learn how to use each oven function. See page 10 for more information. 20. Stop/Clear: Touch this pad to stop the oven or to clear all entries. 21. Start: Touch this pad to start a function. If you open the door after ovenbegins to cook, touch START again. 22. Power Level: Touch this pad to select a cooking power level. See page 13 for more information. 23. Program: Touch this pad to set a cooking time See page 13 for more information. 24. Hold Warm: Touch this pad to keep hot, cooked foods warm in your microwave oven for up to 99 minutes and 59 seconds. See page 12 for more information. 25. Control Set-Up: Touch this pad to change the oven's default settings for sound, clock, display speed and defrost weight from Lbs to Kg. See page 10 for more information. 26.T/TableOn/Off:Touch this pad to turnoff the turntable. OFF will appear in the display. See page 11 for more information. NOTE:This option not available in sensor cook and defrost modes 27. Vent HI/LO/Off: Touch this pad to turn the fan on or off. See page 11 for more information. 28.LightHl/LO/Off:Touch this pad to turn on the  cooktop/counter top light.Seepage 11 for more information.  \n# LEARN ABOUT YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN  This section discusses the concepts behind microwave cooking and introduces you to the basics you need to know to operate your microwave oven.Please read this information before use.  # CAUTION  ·To avoid risk of personal injury or property damage,do not run oven empty. · To avoid risk of personal injury or property damage,do not use stoneware,aluminum foil, metal utensils,or metal trimmed utensils in the oven.Seepage 6 for details.  # HELP  The Help pad displays feature information and helpful hints. Press Help, then select a key pad.  Example: To learn about the Popcorn feature.  <PIC>  # CLOCK  This oven includes a 12-hourclock.  Example:To set 8:00AM  <PIC>  KITCHEN TIMER  You can use your microwave oven as a timer.Usethe Timer for timing up to 99 minutes and 59 seconds.  Example: To time 3 minutes  <PIC>  \n· When the time is over, you will hear seven beeps and ENDwill display.  # CONTROL SET-UP  You can change the default values for beep sound clock, display speed and defrost weight. (LBS/KG) See following chart for more information.  <PIC>  \nExample: To change defrost weight mode from LbstoKg.  <PIC>  \n# VENT HI/LO/OFF  The Vent moves steam and other vapors from the cooking surface.From the off position,the first touch of the vent pad turn the vent on High speed.Touch the pad again to turn the vent on Low speed,and a third time to turn the fan backoff.  NOTE:If the temperature gets too hot around the microwave oven，the fan in the vent hood will automatically turn on at the LoW setting.It may stay on for up to an hour.When this occurs,you cannot turn the vent fan off.Wait until it turns off automatically  # T/TABLEON/OFF  For best cooking results,leave the turntable on.Itcanbe turned off for large dishes.PressT/TABLEON/OFFpad to turn the turntable on or off.  NOTE: ·TheT/TableOn/Off feature does not operate with the DEFROST or SENSOR cooking modes. ·Sometimes the turntable can become hot to touch.Be careful touching the turntable during and after cooking ·Do not run the oven empty  # CHILD LOCK  Child Lock is a safety feature used to lock the control panel so that so that it cannot be operated.TosetChild Lock,touchSTOP/CLEARonce.Touch and hold O pad more than four seconds LOCKED will appear in the dis play window and you hear two beeps. To cancel child lock,touch and hold O more than four seconds. LOCKED will disapper and you hear two beeps.  # LIGHT HI/LO/OFF  Touch Light pad once for bright light, againfor low light and a third time to turn the light back off  # LIGHT TIMER  You can set the Lo Light to turn on and off automatically atanytime.The light will come on at the low setting the sametime everyday and turnoff at a set time until reset  Example: Turn on 2:00 AM, turn off 7:00 AM.  <PIC>  \nNOTE: ·To reset the time to turn on and off the Light, repeat steps1to5.  Example: To cancel the Light Timer \n<PIC>  \nNOTE: If you want to cancel the Light Timer in operation touch Light HI/LO/Offthepad.  \n# USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN  EASY COOK  A timesaving pad,this simplified control letsyou quickly set and start microwave cooking without the need to touch Start pad.This feature cooks for 30 seconds on Hl each time you press the pad  Example: To set Easy Cook for 2 minutes  <PIC>  ·Easy Cook will add 30 seconds up to 3 minutes.After 3 minutes,every touchwill add1 minute up to 99 min- ute s and 59 seconds  # HOLDWARM  You can keep cooked food warm in your microwave oven for up to 99 minutes and 59 seconds.Youcanuse Hold Warm by itself or to follow a cooking cycle automatically  Example: To use Hold Warm.  <PIC>  <PIC>  To make Hold Warm automatically follow another cycle: · While you are programming the cooking instructions, touch Hold Warm before touching Start. · When the last cooking cycle is over, you will hear two tones and “\"WARM\"will appear in the oven display. ·You can set Hold Warm to follow Auto Defrost,or multi cycle cooking.  FAVORITE RECIPE  Favorite Recipe lets you recall one cooking instruction previously placed in memory and begin cooking quickly  Example: To program cooking for 2 minutes  \n<PIC>  Example: To recall the custom recipe <PIC>  \n·When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  NOTE:Power level will default to Hi,but this setting in modifiable.  # +/-(MORE/LESS)  Byusingthe  $^+$  or-keys,all of the pre-programmed cook and time cook features can be adjusted to cook food for a longer or shorter time. Pressing  $^+$  will add 10 seconds of cooking time each time you press it.Pressing-will subtract 10 seconds of cooking time each timeyou press it.  NOTE:This feature cannot be used during cooking,only when setting the initial cook time.  NOTE: ·HOLD WARM operates for up to 99 minutes 59 sec onds. ·Food cooked covered should remain covered during HoldWarm. ·Pastry items(pies,turnovers,etc.)should be unco vered during Hold Warm. ·Complete meals kept warm on a dinner plate can be covered during Hold Warm.  \nCOOKING AT HIGH POWER LEVEL  Example: To cook food for 8 minutes. 30seconds at  $100\\%$  power.  <PIC>  \n·When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  # COOKING AT LOWER POWER LEVELS  HIGH power cooking does not always give you the best results with foods that needs lower cooking,suchas roasts,bakedgoods,orcustards.Your oven has 10 power settings in addition to Hl GH. See cooking guide for power levels,page14.  Example: To cook food for 7 minutes, 30 seconds at  $70\\%$  power  <PIC>  \n· When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and END will display  # COOKING WITH MORE THAN ONE COOK CYCLE  For best results,some recipes call for one Power Level for a certain length of time,and another Power Level for another length of time.Your oven can be set to change from one to another automatically for upto three cycles if the first heating cycle is defrost or the last at  $0\\%$  power.  Example: To cook food for 3 minutes at  $100\\%$  power and then  $70\\%$  powerfor 7 minutes 30 seconds.  <PIC>  \n·When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and END will display.  \nCOOKING GUIDE FOR LOWER POWER LEVEL  The 10 power levels in addition to H lG Hallow you to choose the best power level for the food you are cooking.The power levels are listed below,with examples of foods best cooked at each level and the amount of microwave power output you are using at each Level.  <PIC>  \n# SENSOR OPERATINGINSTRUCTIONS  Sensor Cook allows you to cook most of your favorite foods without selecting cooking times and power levels. The oven automatically determines required cooking time for each food item.The display will indicate SENSING during the initial sensing period. When the internal sens or detects a certain amount of humidity coming from thefood,it will tell the oven how much longer to heat. The display will show the remaining heating time. For best results for cooking by Sensor, following these rec om mend at ions:  1. Food cooked with the sensor system should be at normal storage temperature. 2.Glass TURNTABLE and outside of container should be dry to assure best cooking results 3.Foods should always be covered loosely with micro wav able plastic wrap, waxed paper or a lid. 4. Do not open the door or touch the Stop/Clear pad during the sensing time. When sensing time is over,the oven beeps twice and the remaining cooking time will appear in the display window.At this time you can open the door to stir, turn, or rearrange the food.  # SENSOR COOKING GUIDE  Appropriate containers and coverings help assure good Sensor cooking results  1. Always use micro wav able containers and cover them with lids or vented plastic wrap. 2. Never use tight-sealing plastic covers. They can prevent steam from escaping and cause food to overcook. 3. Match the amount to the size of the container. Fill containers atleast half full for best results. 4. Be sure the outside of the cooking container and the inside of the microwave oven are dry before placing food in the oven.Beads of moisture turning into steam can mislead the sensor.  ADDING OR SUBTRACTING SENSOR COOK TIME  If the SENSOR function is too long ortoo short,you can increaseor decrease thecook time by 10seconds after choosing the function.You can only increase or decrease cook time when sensor is displayed.  Example: Ifyou wanttoadd to the Sensor Cook casserole cooking time.  <PIC>  # POPCORN(SENSOR)  POPCORN lets you pop3.0 and 3.5ouncebags of commercially packaged microwave popcorn.Poponly one package at a time.lf you are using a microwave popcorn popper,follow manufacturer's instructions.  Example: To pop popcorn. \n<PIC>  \n·When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  CAUTION ·DO NOT leave microwave oven unattended while popping corn.  \n# USING YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN  PIZZA (SENSOR)  PIZZA lets you reheat one or several slices of pizza with out selecting cooking times and power level.  Example: To reheat 2 slices of pizza  <PIC>  # POTATO (SENSOR)  POTATO lets you bake one or several potatoes without selecting cooking times and power levels  Example: To cook 2 potatoes.  <PIC>  VEGETABLE(SENSOR)  VEGETABLE has preset cook powers for 3 foo o categories: Fresh, Frozen and Canned.  Example: To cook frozen vegetables  <PIC>  · When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  NOTE: Place the canned vegetable in a micro wav able bowl or casserole.Cover with plastic wrap and vent.Let stand 5 minutes. ·Recommended amounts:1-4cups ·Recommended 1/4\"-1/2\"venting of cover  · When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and END will display. ·Recommended amounts: 1-4 potatoes (about8-10ozs.each)  # NOTE:  ·Before baking,pierce potato withfork several times. ·After baking,let stand for 5 minutes.  \nCOOK (SENSOR)  COoK lets you heat common microwave-prepared foods without needing to program times and Power Levels. COOK has preset power for 3 food categories: Frozen Entree, Casserole and Rice.  Example: To cook rice.  <PIC>  \n·When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  ·Recommended amounts: \n<PIC>  \nNOTE: Use only long grain rice with sensor cook program. Seepage 27 to cook other types of rice  REHEAT(SENSOR)  Reheat lets you heat foods without needing to program times and Power Levels. Reheat has preset Power Levels for 3 categories: Casserole,Dinner Plate and Soup/Sauce  \n<PIC>  Example: To reheat Casserole <PIC>  \n·When the cook time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  ·Recommended amounts: \n<PIC>  # AUTO DEFROST  Your microwave oven is preset with three defrost sequences.Using AUTO DEFROST is the best way to defrost frozen foods. The Auto Defrost Chart on pages 19-20 provides some basic guidelines for using the three defrost sequences.  \n<PIC>  Example: To defrost 1.2 Ibs. of ground beef. <PIC>  NOTE: When you touch the START pad,the display changes to defrost time countdown.The oven will beep during the DEFROST cycle.Atthistime,open the door and turn, separate,or rearrange the food. Remove any portions that have thawed. Return frozen portions to the oven and touch START to resume the defrost cycle  # WEIGHT CONVERSION CHART  To enter food weight in Auto Defrost,you must specify pounds and tenths of a pound.lf the weight on the food package is infractions of a pound,you can use the following chart to convert the weight to decimals  <PIC>  # DEFROSTING TIPS  ·When using Auto Defrost, the weight tobe entered is the net weight in pounds and tenths of pounds (the weight of the food minus the container). ·Use Auto Defrost only for raw food.Auto Defrost gives best results when food tobe thawed is a minimumof  $0^{\\circ}\\mathsf{F}$  (taken directly from a freezer).If food has been stored in a refrigerator-freezer that does not maintaina temperature of  $5^{\\circ}\\mathsf{F}$  or below, always programa lower food weight(for a shorter defrosting time) to prevent cooking the food. ·If thefood is stored outside the freezer forup to 20 minutes，enter a lower food weight. · The shape of the package alters the defrosting time. Shallow rectangular packets defrost more quickly than adeepblock ·Separate pieces as they begin to defrost.Separated pieces defrost more easily ·You can use small pieces of aluminum foil to shield foods like chicken wings, leg tips, and fish tails, but the foil must not touch the side of the oven.Foil causes arcing, which can damage the oven lining. See page 6. · Shield areas of food with small pieces of foil if they start to cook too fast. · For better results, a preset standing time is included in the defrosting time. ·For best results, elevate food to be defrosted on a microwave safe roasting rack. This prevents the possibility of warm meat juices cooking food during defrost.  \nAUTO DEFROST CHART  # Meat Setting  Meat of irregular shape and large,fatty cuts of meat should have the narrow or fatty areas shielded with foil at the beginning of adefrost sequence.  <PIC>  \nAUTO DEFROST CHART(CONT'D)  Poultry Setting  \n<PIC>  Fish Setting \n<PIC>  NOTE: Food to be defrosted must be not more than 6.0 Ibs.  $(4.0\\,K g)$  .Available weight is 0.1-6.0 Ibs  $(0.1.4.0\\,K g)$  \nTIME DEFROST  This feature allows you to choose the time you want to defrost. The Time Defrost Chart (see page 22) provides some basic guidelines for using Time Defrost.  Example: To defrost for 2 minutes.  <PIC>  \n· When the defrost time is over, you will hear four beeps and ENDwill display.  # QUICK DEFROST  The Quick Defrost feature provides rapid defrosting for 1 Ib.of frozen food.The oven automatically sets the defrosting time for ground beef. Example: To defrost 1 Ib. ground beef.  <PIC>  # NOTE:  ·The microwave will beep and defrosting will pause so the door can be opened and the meat can be turned.Ifthe door is notopened at thistime, the countdown will resume. ·Any ground meat can be used with Quick Defrost,but this feature works best with ground beef  # USE OF THE TWO POSITION METALRACK  The two position metal rack givesyou extra spacewhen cooking in more than one container at the sametime. Themetal rack canbe turned upside down to accommodate different container sizes.  To use rack:  1. Place rack securely in the four plastic supports. ·Rack MUST NOT touch metal walls or back of microwave oven. 2. Place equal amounts of food both ABOVE and BELOWrack ·Amount of food must be approximately the same in both containers to balance out cooking energy.  <PIC>  # CAUTION  To avoid risk of property damage: · Do not use rack to pop popcorn. ·Rack must be on the four plastic supports whenused. · Use the rack only when cooking food on two positions. ·Do not cook with rack onfloor of the oven.  \n# TIME DEFROST CHART  <PIC>  \nNOTE:Defrost timesare approximate and are intended as guidelines  # GETTING THE BEST COOKING RESULTS  To get the best results from your microwave oven,read and follow the guidelines below.  ·Storage Temperature:Foods takenfrom the freezer or refrigerator take longer to cook than the same foods at room temperature.The times in this book are based on the normal storage temperature of the food. ·Size:Small pieces of food cook faster than large ones: pieces similar in size and shape cookmore evenly.For even cooking, reduce the power when cooking large pieces of food. ·Natural Moisture:Verymoist foods cook more evenly because microwave energy is attracted to water molecules. ·Stir foods such as casseroles and vegetables from the outside to the center to distribute the heat evenly and speed cooking. Constant stirring is not necessary, occa s ional stirring is sufficient. ·Turn over foods like pork chops, whole potatoes, roasts,or whole cauliflower halfway through the cooking time to expose all sides equally to microwave energy.  · Place delicate areas of foods, such as asparagus tips, toward the center of the dish. ·Arrange unevenly shaped foods, such as chicken pieces or salmon steaks,with the thicker, meatier parts toward the outside of the dish ·Shield parts of food that may cook quickly,such as wingtips and legends of poultry with small pieces of aluminum foil. ·LetStand:After you remove the food from the microwave,cover food with foil or casserole lid and let it stand to finish cooking in the center and avoid overcook ing the outer edges.The length of standing time dependson thedensity and surface area of the food. · Wrapping in waxed paper or paper towel: Sandwiches and many other foods containing prebaked bread should be wrapped prior to microwaving to prevent drying out.  \nFISH AND SHELLFISH Cooking Fish and Shellfish: General Directions ·Prepare the fish for cooking:  Completely defrost the fish or shellfish  Arrange unevenly shaped pieces with thicker parts toward the outside of the dish. Arrange shellfish in a single layer for even cooking.  The type of cover you use depends on how you cook Poached fish needs a micro wav able lid or vented plastic wrap.Bakedfish,coatedfish,or fish in sauce needs to be covered lightly with waxed paper to keep the coating crisp and sauce from getting watery.  -Always set the shortest cooking time.Fishisdone when it turns opaque and the thickest part begins to flake.Shellfish is done when the shell turns from pink to red and the flesh is opaque and firm.  ·The Fish and Shel fish Cooking Table below provides specific directions with Power Level and Cooking Time settings for most types of fish and shellfish  # FISH AND SHELLFISH COOKING TABLE  <PIC>  \nAPPETIZERS/SAUCES/SOUPS  Cooking Appetizers: Tips and Techniques  ·Crisp crackers,such as melba toast,shredded wheat, and crisp rye crackers arebest for microwave use.Wait until party time to add the spreads.Place a paper towel under the crackers while they cook in the microwave oven to absorb extra moisture. ·Arrange individual appetizers in a circle for even cooking. ·Stirdipsto distribute heat and shorten cooking time.  Cooking Sauces: Tips and Techniques  ·Use a micro wav able casserole or glass measuring cup that is atleast 2 or 3 times the volume of the sauce. ·Sauces made with cornstarch thicken more rapidly than those made with flour.  Cooking Soups: Tips and Techniques  Not Recommended ·Appetizers with a crisp coating or puff pastry are best done in a conventional oven with dry heat. ·Breaded products can be warmed in the microwave oven but will not come out crisp. ·Cook sauces made with cornstarch or flour uncovered so you may stir them 2 or 3 times during cooking for a smooth consistency. · To adapt a conventional sauce or gravy recipe, reduce the amount of liquid slightly. ·Stirring occasionally will help blend flavors,distribute heatevenly,and may even shorten the cooking time. ·When converting a conventional soup recipe to cook in the microwave, reduce the liquid, salt, and strong seasonings.  ·Cook soups in a micro wav able dish which holds double the volume of the recipe ingredients to prevent boil-over, especially if you use cream or milk in thesoup. ·Generally,cover microwaved soups with VENTED p last io wrap or a micro wav able lid. ·Cover foods to retain moisture. Uncover foods toretain crispness. ·Avoid overcooking by using the minimum suggested time. Add more time, if necessary, only after checking thefood.  # MEAT  Cooking Meat: General Directions  ·Prepare themeatfor cooking: -Defrost completely. - Trim off excess fat to avoid splattering. - Place the meat, fat side down, on a micro wav able rack in a micro wav able dish. - Use oven cooking bag for less tender cuts of meat. - Arrange the meat so that thicker portions are toward the outside of the dish. - Cover the meat with waxed paper to prevent splattering. · Tend the meat as it cooks. -Drain juices as they accumulate to reduce splattering and keep from overcooking the bottom of the meat. - Shield thin or bony portions with strips of foil to prevent overcooking.  # NOTE:  Keep the foil atleast 1 inch from the oven walls,anddo not cover more than one-third of the meat with foil at any onetime. ·Let the meat stand covered with foil 10-15 minutes after you remove it from the oven.The internal temperature of the meat may rise from  $5{\\cdot}10^{\\circ}F$  during standing time. The Meat Cooking Table on page 25 provides detailed directions,PowerLevel,and Cooking Time settings for most cuts of meat.  \nMEAT COOKING TABLE  <PIC>  \n# POULTRY  Cooking Poultry: General Directions · Prepare the poultry for cooking:  Defrost completely.  Arrange poultry pieces with thicker pieces at the outside edge of thebaking dish.When cooking legs, arrange them like the spokes of a wheel.  Cover the baking dish with waxed paper to reduce splattering.  Use a browning agent(such as worcestershire sauce) or cook with a sauce to give a browned appearance.  -Watch the poultry as it cooks  -Drain and discard juices as they accumulate. -Shield thin or bony pieces with small strips of aluminum foil to prevent overcooking. Keep foil at least 1 inch from the oven walls and other pieces of foil ·Poultry is done when it is no longer pink and thejuices runclear.Whendone,the temperature in the thigh meat shouldbe  $180{\\scriptstyle\\cdot185^{\\circ}\\mathsf{F}}.$  ·Let the poultry stand after cooking covered with foil for 10minutes. The Poultry Cooking Table below provides detailed direc  tions, Power Level, and Cooking Time settings for most cuts and types of poultry.  # POULTRY COOKING TABLE  <PIC>  \nPASTA AND RICE Microwave cooking and conventional cooking of pasta rice,and cereal require about the same amount of time, but the microwave is a more convenient method because you can cook and serve in the same dish.There is no stir ring needed and leftover pasta tastes just like fresh cooked when reheated in the microwave oven.  Cooking Pasta and Rice:Tips and Techniques ·If you are planning to use rice orpasta in a casserole undercook it so it is still firm. ·Allow for standing time with rice, but not for pasta ·The Pasta and Rice Cooking Tables below provide spe ci fic directions,with Power Level and cooking time settings for most common types of pasta and rice.  # PASTA COOKING TABLE  <PIC>  # RICE COOKING TABLE  <PIC>  \n# CARE AND CLEANING  For best performance and safety, keep the oven clean inside and outside. Take special care tokeep the inner door panel and the oven front frame free of food or grease build-up.Never use rough powder or pads. Wipe the microwave oven inside and out,including the hood bottom cover,with a soft cloth and awarm (not hot) mild detergent solution. Then rinse and wipe dry. Use a chrome cleaner and polish on chrome,metal and alumi num surfaces.Wipe spatters immediately with a wet papertowel,especially after cooking chicken or bacon. Clean your oven weekly or more often,ifneeded.  # METAL RACK  Wash the metal rack with a mild soap and a soft or nylon scrubbrush.Dry completely.Do not use abrasive scrubbers or cleaners to clean rack.  # CLEANING THE GREASE FILTER  The grease filter should be removed and cleaned often, at least once a month.  1.To remove grease filter,slide filter totheside.Pull filter downward and pushto the other side.Thefilter will dropout.  <PIC>  2.Wash in dishwasher or soak grease filter in hot water and a mild detergent.Rinse well and shake to dry.Do not use ammonia or place in a dishwasher.The aluminum filter will darken.  <PIC>  3. To reinstall the filter, slide it into the side slot, then push up and toward oven center to lock  <PIC>  # CAUTION  To avoid risk of personal injury or property damage,do not operate oven hood without filter inplace.  \n# CHARCOAL FILTER REPLACEMENT  If your oven is vented inside, the charcoal filter should be replaced every 6 to 12 months,and more often if nec essary.The charcoal filter cannot be cleaned.  1. Unplug the oven or turn off power at the main power supply. 2. Remove the two vent grill mounting screws. (2 middle screws)  <PIC>  3. Tip the grill forward, then lift itout. 4.Remove old filter.  <PIC>  5.Slidea new charcoal filter intoplace.The filter should rest at the angle shown.  <PIC>  6.Slide the bottom of the grill intoplace.Push the top until it snaps into place.Replace the mounting screws. Turn the power back on at the main power supply and set the clock.  COOK TOP LIGHTREPLACEMENT  1. Unplug the oven or turn off power at the main power supply.  <PIC>  2.Remove the bulb cover and mounting screws. 3. Replace bulb(s) with 30 or 40 watt appliance bulb(s) 4.Replace bulb cover and mounting screws. 5. Turn the power back on at the main power supply or plugin the oven.  # CAUTION  To avoid personal injury or property damage,wear gloves when replacing light bulb  # OVEN LIGHT REPLACEMENT  1. Unplug oven or turn off power at the main power sup ply. 2. Remove the vent cover mounting screws. (2 middle screws) 3. Tip the cover forward, then lift out to remove.  <PIC>  \n4. Remove bulb holder  <PIC>  5. Lift up the bulb holder  <PIC>  6.Replace bulb with a 30 or 40 watt appliance bulb. 7.Replace the bulb holder. 8. Slide the bottom of the vent cover into place. Push the top until it snaps into place.Replacethe mounting screws.Turn the power back on at the main power supply or plugin the oven.  \n# BEFORE CALLING FOR SERVICE  Check the following list to be sure a service call is necessary.Reviewing additional information on items to check may prevent an unneeded service call.  <PIC>  \n<PIC>  # QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS  <PIC>  # WHAT THIS WARRANTY COVERS &WHO IT APPLIES TO  The limited warranty provided in this Statement of Limited Product Warranty applies only to the appliance sold toyou, thefirst using purchaser, provided that the Product was purchased:  ·For your normal, household (non-commercial) use, and has in fact at all times only been used for normal household purposes. ·New atretail (nota display,“as is”,or previously returned model,and not for resale,or commercial use. Within the United States or Canada, and has at all times remained within the country of original purchase.  The warranties stated herein apply only to the first purchaser of the Product and are not transferable  Please make sure to return your registration card; while not necessary to effectuate warranty coverage,it is the best way to notify you in the unlikely event of a safety notice or product recall.  # How Long the Warranty Lasts  It is warranted that the Product is free from defects in materials and workmanship for aperiodof twelve (12) months from the date of purchase. The foregoing timeline begins to run upon the date of purchase, and shall not be stalled,tolled,extended, or suspended,for any reason whatsoever.  # Repair/Replace as Your Exclusive Remedy  During this warranty period, one of the authorized service providers will repair your Product without charge to you(subject to certain limitations stated here in)if your Product proves to have been manufactured with a defect in materials or workmanship. If reasonable attempts to repair the Product have been made without success,then it will replace your Product (upgraded models maybe available to you, for an additional charge).All removed parts and components and all replaced and/or repaired parts shall assume the identity of the original part for purposes of this warranty and this warranty shall not be extended with respect to such parts. The sole liability and responsibility here under is to repair manufacturer-defective Product only, using an authorized service provider during normal business hours. For safety and property damage concerns, it is highly recommended that you do not attempt to repair the Product yourself, or use an un-authorized service r; it will haveno responsibility or liability for repairs or work performed by a non-authorized service r. lf you choose to have someone other than an authorized service provider work on your Product,THlS WARRANTY WILL AUTOMATICALLY BECOME NULL AND VOID.Authorized service providers are those persons or companies that have been specially trained on the products,andwho possess , a superior reputation for customer service and technical ability(notethat they are independent entities and are not agents partners,affiliates or representatives).  Notwithstanding the foregoing,it will not incur any liability，or have responsibility,for the Product if it is located in a remote area (more than 1o0 miles from an authorized service provider) or is reasonably inaccessible,hazardous,threatening,or treacherous locale,surroundings,or environment;in any such event, if you request, it would still pay for labor and parts and ship the parts to the nearest authorized service provider,but you would still be fully liable and responsible for any travel time or other special charges by the service company assuming they agree to make the service call.  # Out of Warranty Product  It is under no obligation,at law or otherwise,to provide you with any concessions, including repairs pro-rates, or Product replacement, once this warranty has expired.  # Warranty Exclusions  The warranty coverage described here in excludes all defects or damage that are not the direct fault, including without limitation, one or more of the following:  ·Use of the Product in anything other than its normal, customary and intended manner (including without limitation,anyformof commercial use,use or storage of an indoor product outdoors,use of the Product in conjunction with air or water-going vessels)  Any party's willful misconduct, negligence misuse,abuse,accidents, neglect,improper operation, failure to maintain, improper or negligent installation,tampering,failure to follow operating instructions, mishandling, unauthorized service(including self-performed fixing”or exploration of the appliance's internal workings).  Adjustment,alteration or modification of any kind. A failure to comply with any applicable state local, city, or county electrical, plumbing and/or building codes, regulations, or laws, including failure to install the product in strict conformity withlocal fire and building codes and regulations Ordinary wear and tear, spills of food, liquid, grease accumulations,or other substances that accumulate on,in,or around the Product. Any external,elemental and/or environmental forces and factors, including without limitation, rain, wind, sand,floods,fires, mud slides, freezing temperatures,excessive moisture or extended exposure to humidity, lightning, power surges,structural failures surrounding the appliance,and acts of God.  In no events hall it has any liability or responsibility whatsoever for damage to surrounding property,including cabinet ry，floors, ceilings,and other structures or objects around the Product.Also excluded from this warranty are scratches,nicks,minordents,and cosmetic damages on external surfaces and exposed parts Products on which the serial numbers have been altered,defaced,orremoved;service visits to teach you how to use the Product,or visits where there is nothing wrong with the Product;correction of installation problems(you are solely responsible for any structure and setting for the Product,including all electrical,plumbing or other connecting facilities for proper foundation/flooring,andforany alterations including without limitation cabinet ry， walls, floors, shelving, etc.); and resetting of breakers or fuses.  TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW,THIS WARRANTY SETS OUT YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCT,WHETHER THE CLAIM ARISES IN CONTRACT ORTORT(N CLU DING STRICT LIABILITY,OR NEGLIGENCE)OR OTHERWISE THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES,WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.ANY WARRANTY IMPLIED BY LAW  WHETHER FOR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,OR OTHERWISE,SHALL BE EFFECTIVE ONLY FOR THE PERIOD THAT THIS EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTY IS EFFECTIVE.IN NO EVENT WILL THE MANUFACTURER BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL,SPECIAL,INCIDENTAL INDIRECT,\"BUSINESS LOSS\",AND/OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,LOSSES,OREXPENSES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TIME AWAY FROMWORK,HOTELSAND/OR RESTAURANT MEALS,REMODELLING EXPENSES IN EXCESS OF DIRECT DAMAGES WHICH ARE DEFINITIVELY CAUSED EXCLUSIVELY.\nSOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATIONOF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,AND SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS,SOTHEABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS,AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHERRIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE  \n# Notes  \n", ["Manual24_0", "Manual24_1", "Manual24_2", "Manual24_3", "Manual24_4", "Manual24_5", "Manual24_6", "Manual24_7", "Manual24_8", "Manual24_9", "Manual24_10", "Manual24_11", "Manual24_12", "Manual24_13", "Manual24_14", "Manual24_15", "Manual24_16", "Manual24_17", "Manual24_18", "Manual24_19", "Manual24_20", "Manual24_21", "Manual24_22", "Manual24_23", "Manual24_24", "Manual24_25", "Manual24_26", "Manual24_27", "Manual24_28", "Manual24_29", "Manual24_30", "Manual24_31", "Manual24_32", "Manual24_33", "Manual24_34", "Manual24_35", "Manual24_36", "Manual24_37", "Manual24_38", "Manual24_39", "Manual24_40", "Manual24_41", "Manual24_42", "Manual24_43", "Manual24_44", "Manual24_45", "Manual24_46", "Manual24_47", "Manual24_48", "Manual24_49", "Manual24_50", "Manual24_51", "Manual24_52", "Manual24_53", "Manual24_54", "Manual24_55", "Manual24_56", "Manual24_57", "Manual24_58", "Manual24_59"]]