["# VACUUM <PIC>  # SAFETY  CAUTloN!Do not expose the electronics, its battery or the integrated dockcharger.Thereareno user-serviceable parts inside. Refer servicing fo qualified service personnel.Please ensure voltage rating for enclosed matches standard outlet voltage.  Before using vacuum,pickup objects like clothing loose papers, pull cords for blinds or curfains, power cords and any fragile objects.If the vacuum passes over a power cord and drags if,there is a chance an obj ecf could be pulled off a fable or shelf.  ·If the room to be cleaned contains a balcony,a physical barrier should be used fo prevent access fo the balcony and ensure safe operation.  Read all safety and operating instructions before operating this vacuum This vacuum is not intended for use by persons (including children)with reduced physical,sensory or mental capabilities,or lack of experience and knowledge,unless they have been given supervision or instruction concerning use of Vacuum by a person responsible for their safety  Retain the safety and operating instructions for future reference.  Heed all warnings on the vacuum,batfery,HomeBase and in the owner'sguide.  Follow all operating and use instructions  Use vacuum only in dry environments  ·Do not spray or pour liquids on vacuum. Children should be supervised fo ensure f hey do not play with vacuum.Cleaning and maintenance shall n of be performed by children with ou f supervision. ·Donot place anything ontopof vacuum ?Be aware fh a fRoom ba moves on its own.Takecare when walking in the area that vacuum is operating fo avoid stepping on if. ·Do not operate vacuum in areas with exposed electrical outlets in the floor. · vacuum comes with a region-approved power supplycord.Do not use any other power supply cord.For replacement cords.    # USE RESTRICTIONS  ·vacuum is for indoor use only. · vacuum is not a toy. Do not sit or stand on thisdevice.Small children and pets should be supervised when vacuum is operating. ·Store and operate vacuum in room temperature environments only. Clean i Ad apf local iz afi on camera with a cloth dampened with water only. ·Do not use vacuum to pick up anything that is burning or smoking. ·Do not use vacuum to pick up spills of bleach, paint other chemicals or anything wet.  \n# BATTERY AND CHARGING  Charge using a standard outlet only. vacuum may not be used with any type of power converter.Use of other power converters will immediately void the warranty.  Use only rechargeable battery packs with the correct specification.·Do not use a vacuum with a damaged cord or plug. ·Always charge and remove the battery from your vacuum and accessories before long-term storage or transportation.  Charge indoors only  vacuum's vacuum maybe protected with a surge prof ect or in the event of severe electrical storms.  Never handle the vacuum with wet hands  Always disconnect vacuum from the vacuum before cleaning or maintaining it.  Ensure voltage rating for enclosed vacuum matches standard outlet voltage  Used battery packs should be placed in a sealed plastic bag and disposed of safely according to locale nv ironmen fal regulations.  Before every use,check the battery pack for any sign of damage or leakage.Do not charge damaged or leaking ba ffe ry packs   ·The battery pack must be removed before disposal. heat or place the ba ffe ry pack near any heat source. ·Do not incinerate the battery pack. ·Do not short-circuit the battery pack. ·Do not immerse the battery pack in any liquid. Contact your local waste management authority foi battery recycling and disposal regulations in your area. This symbol on the product or its packaging indicates: Do not dispose of electrical appliances as unsor fed municipal waste,use separate collection facilities.Contact your local authority for in form afi on regarding f he collection systems available.If electrical appliances are disposed of in landfills or dumps,hazardous substances can leak into fhe ground wafer and gef info fhe food chain, damaging your health and well-being. Please contact your local or regional waste authority for more information on collection, reuse and recycling programs  TOPVIEW\n<PIC>  BUTTONS&INDICATORS\n<PIC>  \n  \nBOTTOMVIEW \n<PIC>  \n \n# POSITIONING THE vacuum  Place the vacuume in an open, uncluttered area, leaving the following distances around the unit  Atleast1.5 feet on each side of the vacuum Afl east 4 fee fin front of the vacuum,andafleast 4 feet away from stairs. ·Atleast 8 feet from virtual wall barriers.  Always keep the vacuum plugged in and make sure it is in an area with consistent coverage to allow vacuum to receive information via the app  # WAKE UP vacuum  Turn vacuum over and remove the yellow bin insert and bat fer y pull fab.Then,place vacuum to activate the battery.  # vacuum IS READY TO CLEAN  vacuum has a partial battery charge, so it's ready to start cleaning.  # DOWNLOAD THE  APP AND CONNECT TO WI-FI  ·Waf chan overview video with instructions on how fo setup and use your vacuum. Set an automatic cleaning schedule(upfo7 times perweek)and customize cleaning preferences. ·Enable automatics off ware updates ·Access to tips,tricks and answers to commonly asked questions.  # USE INSTRUCTIONS  Manually wake vacuum up one of two ways -  By pressing CLEAN once. vacuum will beep and theCLEAN buttonwill illuminate.Tostart a cleaning cycle,press CLEAN again. By pressing CLEAN button on the app homescreen.  NOTE:Remove excess clutter from floors before cleaning (e.g. clothing, toys, etc.). Use vacuum frequently to maintain well-conditioned floors.  ·If its battery get slow before finishing a cleaning cycle,vacuum returns to recharge. It will not play af one when it docks and its CLEAN buttonwill pulsewith thebattery indicator ().  · After its battery has been recharged, vacuum automaticlally returns fo where it left off and completes the cleaning cycle. · You can check the app for a current status of your vacuum. · If vacuum is returning to recharge after completing a cleaning cycle, if will play a series of fones to indicate successful completion of the cleaning cycle. · To pause vacuum during a cleaning cycle, press CLEAN. ·To resume the cleaning cycle, press CLEAN again. · To end the cleaning cycle and put vacuum in standby mode, press and hold CLEAN until indicators fur n off. · To send vacuum back to its Home Base during a cleaning cycle, press CLEAN and then(DOCK) on or press CLEAN on the app main screen. This will end the cleaning cycle. · If vacuum encounters an area of high debris concentration, it will move in a forward/backward motion fo clean f he area more thoroughly.When vacuum does this,you will see the indicator illuminate. · To use SPOT Cleaning, place vacuum on top of the localized debrisand press (SPOT) on the robot. vacuum will intensely clean the area by spiraling outward about 3 feet in diameter and then spiraling inward fo where if s far fed. ·When vacuum senses that its dust bin is full it is programed to complete its cleaning cycle by default. You can adjust this settting under Cleaning Preferences in the app. · vacuum won't leave for a cleaning cycle if its bin is full. In thiscase,remove and empty the bin, then reinsert it before starting or resuming a cleaning cycle.  NoTE: After each use, empty the bin and clean the filter.  Always store vacuum  so it's charged and ready fo clean when you need if. If storing off of the Home Base, remove the battery first and then storeRoom ba and the bat fer y inacool, dryplace.  \n# THE DUAL MODE VIRTUAL WALL BARRIER  The dual mode virtual wall barrier keeps vacuum inthe places you want fo becleaned-andout of the onesyou don't. In between cleaning cycles, you canleave the device operating in its nn s it in nan the  floor.You can sef your device fo one off wo modes f of it yourhome's cleaning needs.(SeeFigure 1)  NOTE: Under normal use, batteries will last 8-10 months. If you are not planning on using your virtual wall devicefor an extended period of time and you would like to store it, be sure to switch it to the \"Off \"(middle) position.  <PIC>  Halo Mode: When the switch is in the \"down\" position, the device crea fes a protective zone fh a fRoom ba wil not enter.This prevents vacuum from bumping into itemsyou want to protect (e.g. a dog bowl or vase) or crossing into undesired areas(e.g.a corner or under a desk).the halo is invisible and reaches ap proxima f ely 24 inches from the center of the device.(SeeFigure3)  <PIC>  Virtual Wall Mode: When the switch is in the \"up\" position, the device functions as a virtual wall.This means that you cansef if fo block openings of up fo 1ofeet. If crea fes an invisible,cone-shaped barrier th af only vacuum can see.(SeeFigure2)  <PIC>  NOTE: This barrier gets wider as itgets further from the device. (See Figure 2)  \nTo keep Room ba running af peak performance,perform the following care procedures. If you notice vacuum picking up less debris from your floor,then empty the bin,clean the filter and clean the extractors.  <PIC>    # EMPTYING THE BIN  1. Press bin release button to remove bin. (See Figure 4)<PIC>  2. Open bin door to empty bin. (See Figure 5)  <PIC>  NOTE: If the full bin indicator comeson at any time during a cleaning job, you can always pause the cleaning job to empty the bin and then continue cleaning. If the full bin indicator is illuminated, but the bin does not appear to be full, refer to Cleaning the Full Bin Sensors.  # CLEANING THE FILTER  3.Remove filter by grasping the yellow tab. (See Figure 6)  <PIC>  4. Shake off debris by tapping the filter against youi trash container. (See Figure 7)  <PIC>  IMPORTANT!The filter door won't close unless a filter is reinserted. Insert the filter with theyellow tab facing up.  # CLEANING THE FULL BIN SENSORS  1. Removeand empty the bin. (See Figure 8)  <PIC>  2. Wipe the sensors withaclean,dry cloth. (See Figure 9)  <PIC>  3. Wipe the inner and outer sensol ports on the bin withaclean,dry cloth. (SeeFigure 10)  <PIC>  # CLEANING THE FRONT CASTER WHEEL  1. Pull firmly on the frontwheel to remove it. (See Figure 11)  <PIC>  2. Remove any debris frominside the wheel cavity.  3. Spin the wheel by hand. If rotation is restricted,remove thewheel from its housing and push firmly to remove the axle and clear any debris or hair wrapped around it.  4. Reinstall all parts when finished.Make sure the wheel clicks back into place.  # CLEANING THE SIDE BRUSH  1. Use a coin or small screwdriver to remove the screw. (See Figure 12)  <PIC>  2. Remove the brush clean the brush and the brush post, and reinstall the brush.  # CLEANING THE SENSOR AND CHARGING CONTACTS  1. Wipe the sensor with a clean,dry cloth. Do not spray cleaning solution directly on to the sensors or sensor openings. (See Figure 13) <PIC>  2. Wipe the charging contacts on Room ba and the Home Base with a clean,drycloth.(See Figure 14) <PIC>  # CLEANING THE EXTRACTORS  1. Pinch the yellow extractor frame release tabs, lift up the extractor frame and remove any obstructions. (SeeFigure 15)  <PIC>  2. Remove the extractors and remove the yellow extractor caps. Remove any hair or debris that has collected underneath the caps and around the metal axles. Reinstall the extractor caps. (See Figure 16)  <PIC>  3. Remove hair and debris from the square and hexagonal plastic pegsonthe other side of the extractors. (See Figure 17) <PIC>  4. Clear the vacuum path. (See Figure 18)  <PIC>  5. Reinstall the extractors. Match the color and shape of the extractor pegs with the color and shape of the extractor icons on the cleaning head module# TROUBLEHSOOTINGvacuum will tell you something is wrong with a two-tone distress sound followed by a spoken message.The troubleshooting indicator will also blink.More detailed support and videos are available through the app and online.# RE BOOTING INSTRUCTIONS  For some errors,rebooting vacuum may resolve the problem.To reboot vacuum,press and hold CLEAN for 10 seconds until all indicators illuminate,then release. Whenyou release the CLEAN button,youwill hearan audible f one signifying a successful reboot.  NOTE: If you use vacuum's scheduling feature open the app after rebooting fo confirm that schedule remains intact.  # REDUCED POWER STANDBY MODE  Vacuum consumes a small amount of power anytime to ensure that it is ready for its next cleaning job as well as fo main fain Wi-Fi connectivity.It is possible fo put vacuum in a further-reduced power statewhen not inuse. For instructions and more details on this reduced power standby mode,refer to the app.  # LITHIUM ION BATTERY  For best results,only use the lithium ion battery that comes with vacuum.While vacuum will operate witholder-model batteries,its performance will be limited.  IMPORTANT!Lithium ion batteries and products that contain lithium ion batteries are subject to stringent transportation regulations. If you need to ship this product (with the battery included) forservice, travel or any other reason,you Must comply with the following shipping in sfr ucf ions:  ·Remove the lithium ion battery from the product. Place a piece of tape over the battery's metal charging contacts ·Reinstall thebattery (with the tapeon it) in the product and secure the ba ffe ry door. ·Package the product in its original packaging or in your own packaging that prevents any movement during transportation. Ship via ground transportation only (no air shipping)  ", ["Manual32_0", "Manual32_1", "Manual32_2", "Manual32_3", "Manual32_4", "Manual32_5", "Manual32_6", "Manual32_7", "Manual32_8", "Manual32_9", "Manual32_10", "Manual32_11", "Manual32_12", "Manual32_13", "Manual32_14", "Manual32_15", "Manual32_16", "Manual32_17", "Manual32_18", "Manual32_19", "Manual32_20", "Manual32_21", "Manual32_22"]]